
1. MOST IMPORTANT: Secure date and usage of school facilities. 
    Look towards a date in early Nov, around veterans day weekend. 
    Make sure to submit a facilities use form and get on the calendar
    (via Ms. Minchin or the secretary at the time) ASAP. 
    For 2025, best date is most likely Saturday, Nov 8, 2025

2. Outreach. This is arguably the most crucial once event date and space
    has been secured. You can't have an event without people!
    Reach out via email to all schools who have previously attened. 
    And shotgun all other schools to see what sticks. 
    Also - DON'T BE AFRAID TO COLD CALL! This is what built the list initially

    Recommend sending a reminder email at end of school year (beginning of June ish)
    to keep the contest on peoples mind. And then late aug/early sept, 
    begin more concrete outreach. 

3. Question development
    Begin writing questions. Refer to prior specs for examples. 
    We want around 7-10 questions of varying difficulty. 
    A good template is 9: 3 easy, 3 medium, 2 hard, and 1 killer. 
    The goal of having a killer is that nobody is bored and finishes earlier
    and can also be used as a tiebreaker. 
    But we also want easy ones so that everyone can feel included - we want
    everyone to get at least two questions during the contest. 
    For each question, generate test cases and build a solution. You can create
    the solution first and then built out the question after. 

4. Tiger Guest Network - talk to tech about setting up.

5. Photo release - a REQUIRED checkbox in the registration form 
    which says, "I consent to have my photograph taken and used in GCDS Media"

5. Other Miscellanious fine details:
    - Make sure there are rules made. 
    - Make sure that packets are printed.
    - Figure out question hosting/scoring - we have historically used hackerrank.
    - Every year, there has been a theme - figure out a theme and write the questions 
    to fit the theme. Some ideas: Murder Mystery, Vineyard Vines theme, Army theme, 
    God Save the Queen theme, etc. 
    - Figure out food and water situation - ordering in pizza vs GCDS pizza, etc
    - Registration stuff the day of
    - Merchandise. We've done t shirts every year, which the school pays for. So 
    come up with a design in theme. It's free stuff, everyone loves it and its a signature of the 
    event. 
    - Prizes and awards. We've done 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and the George Kapp Friendship Award. 
    The friendship award is an award we created after witnessing great friendship in an
    inexperienced team. But it should be given out to the team with the most "Tiger Pride," which
    is up to your discretion. Also, we've deisgned the awards historically, so please continue to do so. 
    Examples of old awards can be seen in the drive in the photos section. The George Kapp Friendship Award
    should come in the form of an item related to the them, but that is customized for GCDS.

